# saureusdecolonization

Here is the brief summary of the scripts used in the study. Data files including the summary statistics are included in the folder, since individual simulations would be computationally costly to the user. 

Please refer to the Methods section for detailed information.

#### A00_PAPER_SUMMARIZE_DATA.R

Pre-processes and summarizes the longitudinal infant nasal microbiome data used in the study.

#### A01_FIND_SYSTEMS_LOCAL_ORIGINAL.R

Given the posterior distributions of the estimated interaction parameters, samples and finds the plausible systems for further simulations.

#### A02A_SIMULATE_TIMESERIES_CLUSTER_FORCED_SS.R

Simulations for probiotic and antibiotic treatments until the stable equilibrium is reached. 

#### A02B_SIMULATE_TIMESERIES_CLUSTER_FORCED_2Y.R

Simulations for probiotic and antibiotic treatments until 2 years (to be later used for S. aureus  challenge).

#### A03_MERGE_TIMESERIES_CLUSTER_SS_LOCAL.R

Merges and processes the data files generated by the scripts above.

#### A04_ANALYZE_RESULTS_CLUSTER.R

Analyzes the files generated by the previous script. Since data files necessary for this script is included in the folder, you can start here to generate figures included in the manuscript. 

#### A05_SIMULATE_TIMESERIES_CLUSTER_FORCED_CHALLENGE.R

Simulations for S. aureus challenge. 

#### A06_ANALYZE_RESULTS_CHALLENGE_RANDSAMP_MERGEPLOT_FUP_INF.R

Calculation of the mean S. aureus extinction probabilities for the antibiotic and probiotic treatments followed the S. aureus challenge.

